No exit wound. Applying pressure.
Here.
Inserting IV.
Nurse, let's request an abdominal X-ray.
Then prepare the patient for vascular AR.
Yes, Doc.
Lilia, you have to fight.
-Have they been identified?
-Not yet, sir.
This case is strange, sir.
Everyone's dead. It looks like
they were mauled by some kind of animal.
Miss.
We are investigating
a multiple homicide case.
Are you the nurse on duty?
What's your name?
Isabelle Pineda.
Nurse Pineda.
I'm Chief Inspector Carreon.
This is Inspector Angua.
We'd like to speak with your patient,
Filomena Reyes. She's here, correct?
She's currently a person of interest
in an ongoing investigation.
She needs to rest.
Miss, we're not here as visitors.
We're police officers.
Sir,
are you saying that my 88-year-old patient
may have killed someone?
If she didn't do it,
she definitely knows who did.
Nurse Pineda,
regardless of her age,
what my partner was trying to say
is that she might be able
to provide information
about what she saw last night
or anything else relevant to the case
to help us resolve this quickly.
That's all.
She lost a lot of blood.
She shouldn't be disturbed,
even by the police.
That's obstruction of justice!
You can come back
when she's in a more stable condition.
-You can talk to her then.
-Miss, don't you--
We understand. Thank you for your time.
We'll be back.
Now what?
Aren't you gonna answer that?
It's good that you're finally awake.
I'm a nurse here at Baguio General, ma'am.
Do you remember who brought you here?
And do you know how you ended up here?
Who keeps calling you?
It's nothing.
You lost a lot of blood.
Do you remember how you got shot?
How did I get here?
Your son brought you here.
We tried looking for him,
but we don't know where he went.
-What?
-Do you know how we can contact him?
My son?
I don't have a son.
There was a man here.
He's around 30 years old
and about this tall,
and he has long hair.
That's Matias.
He's not my son.
He's my boyfriend.
Well, good for you, ma'am.
Please try to get some rest.
I'm sorry about this.
I overheard you talking
to the police earlier.
Thank you.
But I'd really like to rest first.
When I'm ready to talk to them,
I'll let you know.
All right, ma'am.
Thank you.
-No, please!
-Stop resisting!
Hey, Collector!
I heard you picked up another case, huh?
Are you gonna add that to your collection?
Asshole.
"Asshole."
Wait.
Why do people call him "Collector"?
Because Angua is old school.
He's been here the longest, but he never
rose above the rank of inspector.
He never solved a single case.
He collects cases and files them.
Occasionally,
he goes over them just to take a look.
He hasn't solved a single case?
Not for a long time!
Why doesn't he just cook up the case?
Plant drugs or a gun?
He's as straight as an arrow.
What a dumb cop.
Why hasn't he been fired?
If he gets fired, we all get fired.
I think this case
is connected to my past cases.
And look at where they happened.
It's the very same location.
Take a look at the injuries.
The serial killer is back, sir.
From the '80s?
Serial killer, huh?
Filomena Reyes?
The rich entrepreneur who runs a charity.
That's right. Lilia.
She's the owner of the house
that was broken into recently.
She owns several businesses in Baguio.
-What's that?
-When were these photos taken?
Back in the '80s. She was my suspect,
but nothing ever came of it.
If Filomena doesn't have any children
then who's this?
I took those photos back in the 1990s.
It looks like he doesn't age, right?
So who is he?
I don't know yet, sir.
There's no record of him anywhere.
Sir. This is hard to believe,
but take a look.
Lilia is alone in that photo, but it seems
like she's talking to someone.
You're right. That's strange.
Why did this guy suddenly show up
when Lilia Reyes was already old?
Girl, I'm off.
Why? Is your shift over?
My shift ended, but…
-Hey. No.
-We're short-staffed. Can you cover?
-I haven't--
-Please. It's my kid's Family Day!
Hold on. I haven't taken a shower
or eaten yet!
Girl, we both know this happens, right?
Come on, please, you got this.
Besides, you're single. Come on!
-Seriously? Single and abused.
-Come on. Please? Thank you!
Isabelle!
You're not answering my calls!
Come on, I have patients.
Your shift ended a while ago, right?
I'm covering for the day shift.
You said you'd help me with the rent.
Did I really say that?
You said you'd support me
while I'm working on my art!
That was before,
when we were still together.
We're broken up. So can you just go?
-I have a patient here!
-Oh, yeah?
All right. Then give me back
the painting I gave you so I can sell it.
What?
Do you want me to call security?
Come on! Aren't you leaving?
So annoying!
I'm right here.
-Isabelle, do you need help?
-It's okay. I'll take care of this.
Take a deep breath.
Are you okay?
I figured you could use some help.
Thank you.
-Is he still there?
-Still there.
-Is it okay if I stay here?
-It hurts! Stay by my side, please.
Ouch!
All right, deep breath.
He's gone.
He left.
Thank you.
Do you want to hear a story?
What kind of story?
My family lived here in Baguio.
We had a comfortable life.
But in December 1941…
Lilia, let's leave that.
Have you packed already?
-Yes!
-You're ready. Let's go then. Come on!
Hurry up. Let's go!
The Japanese arrived. War broke out.
The Japanese…
Hail Mary…
Anybody home?
We left Baguio
before the situation got worse.
My parents thought
that things would get better.
We moved to Batangas
and stayed with a relative.
Teresing!
Our life there was very different
from the life we were used to.
Teresing.
A desperate measure,
as we had no other choice.
We are begging you.
We have traveled a long way.
Can't you just let us stay here
for a while?
It's dangerous.
I'll be putting myself at risk.
What will happen to me?
Cousin, here,
please take this for your trouble.
Go ahead!
Look, cousin…
This isn't about the money, okay?
But surely you know…
We are begging you.
Just this one time, please.
You don't need to beg.
But this puts me at risk.
I promise we'll take everything back
after the war.
It's still yours. We'll just leave it
with him for safekeeping.
Well, then…
You can stay here,
but once the Japanese come,
you're on your own.
Hey, what is it?
I don't know.
I saw it, an aswang!
It looked human at first,
then transformed into a monster!
It killed this family,
so I chased it down with my trusty bolo.
The aswang has killed three more people!
I thought war
was the cruelest monster of all.
I was wrong.
There was an even more terrifying monster
lurking around.
Let's go. We need to get home.
Wash your hands.
May I be excused?
-Eat first.
I'm full.
Looks like she's full.
It's hard to find food these days.
Juan Pablo.
You're spoiling your child.
Before you know it,
she won't be a kid anymore.
She can't grow up believing
she can do whatever she wants.
I know it sounds hard to believe,
but I remember it clearly.
That night,
in the deep and mysterious darkness,
I met someone who would change
and complete my life
forever.
Matias.
So the cat…
You're saying its name was Matias?
Matias was the cat.
You're saying
his soul is trapped inside the cat?
Is Matias the cat's reincarnation?
No!
Matias was the cat.
Ma'am…
I don't understand.
I told you…
Matias,
the…
The man who brought you here.
Right.
The guy you said was your boyfriend.
-Yes.
-He's the cat.
Matias is the cat.
Your story really sounds interesting.
It is.
And we're just getting started.
Matias?
-Matias?
-Why would you bring that animal here?
Throw that out. Get rid of it!
But Matias is my friend!
Step aside.
No! Mom!
Get rid of it. I don't want it here!
I don't want to! I'm gonna protect him!
Matias!
Where are you going? Lilia!
Matias?
-Excuse me. Oh, Isabelle! You're here.
-Yeah.
The lady was telling me a story.
Story? What kind of story?
About my childhood.
Hold on. Please lift your arm.
I'll just check your blood bag, okay?
She'll need two or more units
of A positive immediately.
A positive?
Yes. But…
I'll check with our blood bank.
Okay. Thank you.
Ma'am, do you have relatives
who we can contact?
They might be able to donate some blood.
Relatives?
No.
Family's still the best option.
You have a rare blood type.
We might have a hard time
finding a compatible donor for you.
Matias…
His blood is unlikely to be a match.
Do you know how we can get in touch
with him?
You need more blood immediately.
Your condition might get worse.
Am I dying?
How are you feeling?
I'm feeling weak.
How is she?
She lost a lot of blood.
She needs two units
of A-positive blood immediately.
Why haven't you given it to her?
Matias…
We'll pay no matter the cost.
Sir, we're a public hospital.
We're often short on blood supply.
And there's a blood shortage right now.
We've already advised Ms. Reyes
to call her relatives.
They told me to contact my family.
She doesn't have any family left.
You can reach out to the blood bank
or post on Facebook to ask for donations.
Matias.
If it's my time to go,
then it's my time.
Lilia, don't talk like that.
It's enough for me to have you by my side
until the very end.
I'm not giving up on you.
Please take care of Lilia.
I'll be back later.
He's always been stubborn.
WHO IS THE BAGUIO MURDERER?
BAGUIO MURDER
WORK OF A MONSTER
Angua.
That's enough. Let's call it a day.
Let me just finish this, sir.
In case you forgot,
we don't have a budget for overtime.
We're all mentally exhausted.
-Sir.
-We can get back to that tomorrow.
Here's the autopsy report
for the Aurora Hills homicide.
All right. Thank you.
Angua!
-Sir.
-I said tomorrow.
Sir, it's right here.
Tomorrow!
I outrank you, don't I?
That's an order. That's enough.
Let's go home and rest.
Yes, sir.
We'll see it tomorrow.
We'll look at that report together.
But, sir, it's already here.
Come on. Let's go.
What happened to you, ma'am?
According to the police,
you probably know who killed those people.
Was it Matias?
Matias is a good person.
He doesn't go around hurting people.
Unless it's necessary.
I wish I could say
we felt relieved when the war ended.
But even though
the abusive Japanese soldiers had left,
what I was about to endure would be worse
than the horrors and misery of war.
You're not wearing underwear?
-Stop it.
-You're such a snob, Lilia.
I said cut it out!
She's angry.
She's always angry.
Hey, Lilia, come to town with us later.
Why would I go with you?
There's gonna be dancing and live music.
Today's the fiesta.
I don't care.
Ah, so you don't care at all.
You're saying you don't care
about the Pintakasi festival?
Then maybe what they're saying
about you is true.
What are they saying?
That you're from a family of witches.
You're the only one saying that.
It's not just me.
They say
you perform some kind of ritual
every night.
And a demon has been following you
and doing your bidding.
And worst of all,
there's a monster with fangs
living in your house, right?
Stop!
Lilia!
Stop! Leave me alone!
Go away!
You're gonna run away, huh?
Don't come any closer!
She doesn't like me.
She likes you.
I could tell she liked it.
If I were you, I'd try to win her over.
If you don't want to, then I'll court her.
So tomorrow, then?
Matias is not a monster,
but I understand
why people see him as one.
He is powerful…
Oh my God!
…and he will do everything to protect me.
What happened to you? You poor thing!
Can we blame Matias if he becomes violent
because of people's actions?
What's going on? Get up!
-Body of Christ…
-Amen.
Is that her?
-Body of Christ…
-She's young.
But she's a witch. Just ask around.
-Body of Christ…
-Amen.
-Body of Christ.
They say she goes to the field at night.
-Body of Christ…
-Scary.
What does she do there?
-Body of Christ…
-Amen.
My God!
Body of Christ…
-They're looking over here.
-Right.
-Body of Christ…
-Amen.
Body of Christ…
-Body of Christ…
-Amen.
Body of Christ…
…pray for us sinners,
now and at the hour of our death.
Amen.
Come back here.
Mom.
-Where do you think you're going?
-Just outside.
You're not going out.
You didn't join me for the rosary,
and now you're leaving?
I'll be right back.
-Lilia.
-Mom!
Mom!
You're not a child anymore!
You shouldn't be playing outside!
People all over town
are talking about you.
They say you're a witch!
And that you do rituals out in the fields
whenever there's a full moon!
Mom, that's not true!
Perhaps you've already given your body
to the devil!
Mom, you're hurting me!
I do not have a child
who worships the devil!
-Mom, please let me go! It hurts!
-Dolor!
Dolor! What is going on here?
Your damn daughter is Satan's bride!
Ask her what she's doing
out in the fields!
Ask her why those boys died
and the other one couldn't speak!
What did I do to them?
Did you even ask what they did to me?
Lilia!
Lilia, come back here!
Has everyone here lost their minds?
Lilia.
My mom was superstitious.
I couldn't blame her.
She was just like everyone else
in that judgmental little town.
Dolor….
Matias!
Burn her!
One thing I knew for sure
is that Matias would never leave me.
He would do everything, even unleash
the monster within him, just to save me.
Because I'm important to him.
Burn her!
Help!
Dad!
I didn't know you were coming.
Last minute.
How can you stand this?
What?
Being around all this blood.
Doesn't it drive you wild?
I like it. I love the smell.
Is he all right?
Yes.
Just feeling a little lightheaded.
Believe me.
It's better like this.
Besides, he won't even feel it.
Just a little sting.
You're not even trying to hide it.
This?
Who would suspect that's a coffin?
Are you still with that
rich girl?
She's in the hospital.
She needs a blood transfusion.
You're the only one I know
who keeps a stock.
What type?
A positive, two units.
You know, I really don't get
why this girl means so much to you.
If she's old now, just let her die.
If you wanted to be with her,
you should've made her like us
a long time ago.
I can't.
Why not?
She has to want it.
She has to tell me she wants immortality
before I give it to her.
Because I love her.
Okay.
You're really getting old.
You've become weak.
Take your blood, old man.
You can leave now.
My payment?
This is an emergency.
It's not harvest time yet!
So this is an advance?
Give me a few days. I'll be back.
Go.
You weren't answering my calls.
That's why I'm here.
Don't you get it?
This is my third shift in a row!
It's exhausting. Just get out of here!
That's the problem with you.
You care more about your job than me!
Lives are at stake here.
This is important!
Really?
How important?
If your job is so important,
then what's this?
Why are you applying for a visa to Canada?
Planning to work as a nurse there?
You're going to live there?
Isabelle, come on.
We both know your parents
have been pushing you to move to Canada
and leave me.
What now?
You're just gonna leave like that? Huh?
You've been snooping through my emails?
-I had to! Your life's a mess!
-Shameless jerk! Get out of here!
-You need to leave.
-I'm not leaving!
-Get out of here!
-Andrei, leave! Call for security.
Go ahead, I'm not scared!
-Get out of here!
-I'm not leaving!
-You're still my fiancée!
-Leave!
We're broken up!
Ouch! That hurts!
Isabelle, I'm not leaving!
Thank you, Matias.
I'm sorry it took me a while.
You're just in time, sir.
There's still a chance
that Ms. Lilia's condition will stabilize.
Don't worry, I'll explain to them
why we used it. It was an emergency.
Well, that's good.
It really is.
Because I want to hear
the rest of her story.
Don't be fooled by how he looks.
This man has been a suspect
in multiple murders in Baguio since 1976.
1976?
He was a kid then.
I believe he is not as young as he looks.
Do you think I'm right?
Ms. Pineda,
I'm a police officer.
I just want to see justice served
for all the victims of this monster.
Be careful,
Ms. Pineda.
That old woman and that man,
they're not who you think they are.
Call me anytime.
You haven't seen the guy
I told you about around here?
No, sir.
If you see him, call me right away, okay?
-Yes, sir.
-All right.
I don't know.
Ms. Lilia hardly ever leaves her house.
I heard she's all alone there.
-Really?
-That's what I heard.
Sir, we don't know anything.
And you?
I just work here.
Mr. Matias?
I'm here.
Lorenzo?
Thank you for coming.
No problem, sir.
Take this to the Black Cat Tattoo Studio.
Do you know where that is?
On Session Road.
Yes, I've delivered there before.
Good.
I was going to bring it,
but I'll be visiting Lilia instead.
Right. That's for the best.
You should be with Ms. Lilia.
Okay then.
So, I'll just wait for their payment
like before?
No need. This one's free.
If Ami's sleeping, just hand it
to her staff. They know what it's for.
Okay, sir.
Watch out for the police and their dogs.
Right. Sir…
Some police showed up at the café
asking questions.
About?
About you and Ms. Lilia.
About me?
They were asking about a young man
who's often seen with Ms. Lilia.
I believe that's you.
Thank you for letting me know.
Okay. I'll go ahead, sir.
-Stay safe.
-You too.
The doctor said
you should stay one more night.
If your condition stabilizes,
you can go home tomorrow.
That's good.
Matias will be here soon.
Ma'am…
Would you mind continuing your story?
You'll be discharged tomorrow.
Don't leave me hanging.
Of course.
Where were we?
My dad and I went back to Baguio.
We tried to bring things back
to how they used to be.
Forget the anger and leave the bitterness
of the past behind.
Continue living on,
with the hope
that the sun would rise again.
Matias never left me.
He's a true Baguio native.
This is his real home.
Our nights were filled with love.
We made Baguio our own.
But with the darkness of the night
came his secrets.
I never asked questions
because I was afraid to know the truth.
But I thought about it all the time.
It's almost sunrise.
It's time for me to go.
Do you really have to?
Yes.
It's the price I pay…
For what?
For all of this.
What's gonna happen if you stay?
I need to find the answers
he can't give me.
Even though I was filled with fear,
I needed to face the truth.
About who he is.
And why he is a creature of the night.
It's as if he exists
between life and death.
You found it.
What did I find?
This is my resting place.
It's where many warriors like me
are buried.
They called me Dulag,
born in the mountains
before these islands even had names.
No outsider will ever claim our lands.
We will never let anyone conquer us.
We are ready to give our lives.
To let blood spill in the name of freedom,
that freedom may live on
until our final breath.
We defeated the foreign invaders.
But what I didn't know was that…
behind the victory,
a monster would hunt
and claim my life and soul.
You fought well, little warrior.
Not well enough.
I couldn't understand what he was saying.
Eternal life.
But I knew he wanted me
to become like him.
Baptism of a curse.
The monster drowned me
with its filthy blood.
Between life and death,
I'd choose death
rather than let him take who I am.
I woke up completely parched.
Since then, an unexplainable thirst
wakes me up every night
that can only be quenched by blood.
I'm like a demon,
living to devour people's souls.
Dulag!
I will never see sunlight again.
When dawn comes, my suffering begins.
Even though time has stopped for me
and the years have not aged me,
the curse remains.
In the darkness
I become a monster.
A hunter of innocent souls.
The heavy burden of sin
I am bound to bear for eternity.
This is my curse.
To witness death,
the very death I've longed for.
I spent a long time
searching for people who'd understand me
and wouldn't fear me.
As time passed…
I watched the ones I loved wither and die.
Meanwhile, I remained unchanged.
So it was easier to stay away from people.
That way, I wouldn't get hurt anymore.
For a moment, I felt some relief,
but it was short-lived.
Deep sorrow still lingers in me.
Everything changed when I met you, Lilia.
Do you remember
the day we met in the fields?
During the war?
You befriended a scruffy cat.
I knew then that you're different.
Day by day, my love for you
grew stronger and deeper.
I knew then that I wanted
to spend eternity with you.
You knew then?
Since we first met.
Lilia, you can be like me.
You'll never grow old or weak.
Nothing can hold you back.
We can be together forever.
But…
Please…
Don't follow me for now.
I need time to think about this.
Lie down, Dad.
If I
had one regret in life,
it's that you had to take care of me
for so long.
-Dad, no, I wanted to…
-No, Lilia.
Please forgive me.
I just want to make sure
that when I'm gone
someone will take care of you.
Good.
I lost two people in my life.
Dad passed on peacefully.
But Matias keeps trying
to come back into my life.
I don't know if I'm ready.
I need to fix myself first.
And when I'm strong enough,
I'll be ready to face
whatever life throws at me.
Whether Matias is with me
or not.
Anybody home?
Hello?
Good evening. How may I help you?
Are you Ms. Lilia Reyes?
Why?
I just wanted to ask if you made this.
I'd like to place an order.
It's strong, and
it's the good kind.
Just show it. Here.
I don't know why Lilia keeps refusing
the immortality I offer her.
Is her heart with someone else now?
I can't bear to lose her.
I'll never allow anyone,
not even death, to take her from me.
I'm just here to protect her.
But the pain of failure
feels like a monster
trying to break free from me.
As darkness spreads…
Hey, this is a holdup!
…each night,
I turn into a voracious beast,
hunting victims to feed
my insatiable thirst,
endless, like my sorrow.
Lilia!
No matter how many lives I take
or how much blood I drain,
my thirst persists.
It knows no end.
Even if I destroy all of humanity,
the pain and bitterness still remain.
Why am I being punished by fate?
Is this the price of loving someone
whose heart will never turn to me?
What happened to you?
Is this about that girl?
She doesn't want to see you anymore?
Matias.
There are plenty of other women.
There's no one like her.
She's not unique. There are many like her.
There are plenty of spoiled girls
who think they can handle us.
The moment they see what we're capable of,
they abandon us.
There are many like her, Matias.
There's a whole world of women out there.
You will never understand me.
You've never been in love.
You could be right.
Love is a weakness.
Look at yourself.
No, thanks.
Get your life together.
Are you looking for S?
This will do.
I said, do you want some S?
You have some?
Yeah. How much?
You have cash?
Not here. It's too exposed.
All right, son. I'll be back soon, okay?
Hey! What's going on there?
Hey!
What are you guys doing?
Turn your life around while you still can.
It's people like you
who are ruining Baguio.
Whatever you're doing, don't do it here.
Are you drunk or high?
What is it?
-Mind your own business.
-Are you drunk… Hey! You drunk or high?
Hey! I'm talking to you!
-I said mind your own business!
-Hey!
Dad?
Dad!
I'm glad we're finally home.
You didn't enjoy your stay
at the hospital?
The nurses were really kind.
-Especially Isabelle.
-Yes.
Still, it's different
when you're home.
You're right.
There's just too many people
at the hospital.
The doctors and nurses
are always coming and going.
I guess I just missed home.
Filomena Reyes.
Yes?
And you?
Do we know you?
I finally found you.
I could never forget your face.
You haven't changed a bit.
You look exactly the same
as that night.
You're the police officer's son.
Now you remember.
Matias, who is this man?
So that's what they call you.
Matias.
They say
a monster killed my father.
But I know the truth.
I saw exactly how you killed him.
You're going to prison, you monster.
I don't know who you are.
And this is my house.
You're trespassing.
If you don't leave right now,
I'll call the police.
I will go.
I just wanted to see the face
of the man who killed my father.
Monster.
We need to find someone
who will stay with you.
I can't protect you during the day.
We need someone we can trust.
Are you Ms. Pineda from Baguio General?
Ms. Lilia asked me to give this to you.
I heard you're planning to go to Canada.
Take that with you.
Moving to a new country is never easy.
Are you sure?
Yes, dear.
I'm old.
I can't take that with me when I die.
Come on, I'll show you my room.
Where is Matias?
He's resting.
He'll be out at night.
Ma'am,
you were married?
I got married,
but I didn't realize
it would become a chain
-choking the life out of me.
-Lilia.
Lilia!
I'm right here. There's no need to shout.
What are you trying to say?
That I'm a burden?
I don't help out?
I never said such a thing.
Because you're perfect, right?
That's enough, Isagani.
Lilia, I'm still talking to you.
Lilia!
The ghost of my past still haunts me.
I asked you nicely. Answer me.
I thought time had buried it.
I'm not done talking. Damn it!
I should've listened
to what they said about you.
You're cursed.
That's why you can't have children.
-Let me go!
-Barren bitch!
You're a barren bitch!
Let me go!
You tainted me
with your curse, didn't you?
You passed your darkness onto me, witch!
But even as time passed,
one thing never changed.
You fooled me.
He's always there…
You're the devil's spawn.
…to protect me.
Stop! Let me go, please.
Stop resisting!
Isagani…
Stop.
I will kill you.
But they'll never know I did it.
I'll tell everyone you killed yourself.
Let me go! Who the hell are you?
I said let me go!
What is unconditional love?
That's what Matias has given me.
And it's what I feel for him too.
Nothing can separate us.
Our fates are now intertwined.
As time passed,
we grew to understand
each other's strengths and weaknesses.
Our love has become the bond
that unites us as one.
Together, we faced the passage of time
and lived a normal life.
This is beautiful.
Go ahead and hang it up.
Yes, ma'am.
All right.
The nationwide curfew's been lifted.
We can now operate from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m.
Also, there's someone
I'd like you to meet.
This is Matias.
He will help me run the café.
-When I fell in love with Matias…
-If there's anything you need…
…I embraced all of him.
-I trust him completely.
-His weaknesses…
And even his darker side.
Good evening.
There are things that I can't deny.
I don't approve of his killing.
So we tried to find a compromise.
I know he made that sacrifice
because of his love for me.
Ma'am.
So what happened next?
Well…
I'm still here.
Recovering from a gunshot wound.
Life is full of surprises.
Why did you refuse immortality?
Or was that just an exaggeration
in your story?
And what exactly
were you delivering to the city?
Ms. Reyes?
I'm sorry to bother you like this.
We weren't able to get your statement
when you were in the hospital
after the incident.
Is now a good time to talk?
May I?
All right. Come in.
Ma'am.
Do you know why your home
is frequently targeted by thieves?
I have no idea.
Well, who knows what goes on
in the minds of ruffians?
The thing is,
the police still don't know
what happened to the thieves
who were found dead
here at your home that night.
Like they were attacked by a wild animal.
Do you remember how many intruders
came into your house that night?
Maybe four.
What's the alarm for?
Did you see anyone?
If someone was here, they're gone now.
Ma'am, I'll assign some officers
to patrol the area.
You can't be here all alone.
I'm used to it.
Thank you for visiting, but I'm tired.
I just want to rest.
All right.
Thank you very much for your time.
Ma'am.
Why did you say that you live here alone?
Doesn't Matias live with you?
Isabelle, please help me to my bedroom.
I'd like to get some rest.
You do feel cold, ma'am.
I'm just tired.
You harassed an old lady!
Then you broke into her house!
You knew that was off-limits
for an investigator like you!
Can you explain that to NAPOLCOM?
Because I can't!
There's no way I can explain that
if she ends up filing a complaint!
What if she finds out?
What if she goes to the media? What then?
Tell me!
Sir, I wanted to take a look
inside the house.
Do you have a warrant?
You don't, right?
That's basic police procedure!
You know that, or have you forgotten?
What? Tell me!
You know what? Don't.
Give me your badge. That's an order!
Sir, are you firing me?
Yes! Isn't it obvious?
I feel bad for the old man.
Get out of here!
Just when he's close to retiring,
he gets fired.
Jerson! Get Angua's gun and badge!
I'll be back soon.
Please take care of Lilia.
I'll be back right away.
Don't worry.
I'll keep an eye on her temperature.
It's fluctuating,
but that's normal for her age.
Who's Isabelle?
My ex.
I'm sorry.
-Did she die?
-No, idiot!
She broke up with me.
I'm getting her name tattooed
so she won't leave me,
and she'll be with me forever.
Damn! That's manipulative, man.
Just shut up and do your job!
Moron!
Ouch!
Hey!
Bro, I'm not done yet!
Stay there, okay?
It'll take around three hours.
Come on, man! Let's wrap that up.
Stay put!
How long…
Ms. Lilia.
Your blood pressure's too low.
We have to call the hospital.
No.
No more hospitals.
Is Matias here yet?
Not yet.
Your hands are cold, ma'am.
I know.
You know what, Isabelle?
It's just like eating cake.
The last bite is always the best.
And when you drink coffee,
it's that last sip
that tastes the sweetest.
You crave more,
but there comes a moment
when you must know
enough is enough.
Here.
I'm sorry about this.
Sir, where can I file a report?
Report what?
A drug deal.
Do you have evidence?
-Yes, sir. I caught it on video. Here.
-Let me see.
There.
That's drug dealing, right?
See? Marijuana. Wholesale.
Probably a kilo, maybe more.
But not wholesale.
It's still illegal.
Do you know these people?
The woman works
at the Black Cat Tattoo Shop.
The guy's an asshole.
I had a run-in with him before.
I know that guy.
The dealer?
Yeah. And I know where he lives.
He's the primary suspect in my case.
Maybe the Collector
isn't so useless after all.
What do you want to do?
The video's enough to obtain
a warrant and raid the house.
Yeah, the war on drugs
gives us power to do that.
We have to protect the city
against drugs, right?
What do you say, old man?
I'm not a cop anymore.
But I'll go with you.
I want to see
that son of a bitch behind bars.
You can take the credit.
That's what I like to hear!
Just for tonight.
What's happening to her?
She's been looking for you.
Matias.
My love.
Lilia.
Matias.
I'm here now.
I'm right here.
I can feel your heartbeat.
It's getting weaker.
I'm dying.
I can still save you from this.
No, Matias.
Just say the word.
I won't accept it.
I don't want to lose you.
I love my life.
I love you so much.
All my life, I've loved you.
That's why you loved me too.
And that's what
makes our love so precious.
I can give you eternity.
I know.
Come out of there, you monster!
You're surrounded!
You will pay for your sins!
You should go.
I'll stay right here.
I'll stay here, my love.
PHILIPPINE PASSPORT
I still don't know
whether to believe Lilia's story.
What I know is our lives are shaped
by the choices we make.
But we will keep on loving,
no matter what.
Before you make a wish,
there's something I'd like to give you.
Do you remember?
Yes.
Eternal life, Lilia.
No pain.
No death.
We can be together forever.
It's the greatest gift
I could ever give you.
No, Matias.
You've already given me the greatest gift.